Your unit and components contained therein are fully warranted against defective material and manufacturing faults under our product warranty guide from the date of purchase.

To obtain warranty protection, notice of the alleged defects must be given promptly upon discovery and this warranty card must be presented with dated proof of purchase (tax invoice / receipt) to our service personnel at the time of service.

This warranty is not valid unless the owner / buyer of this unit shall, within 7 days of purchase, send the "Manufacturer" portion of this warranty card duly completed to SAMSUNG (SEPCO) for registration. Or register thru the following options (1. Business Reply Card,  2. Online).

Our decision on all questions relating to complaints as a result of defects, either workmanship or materials, shall be conclusive and you shall agree to abide by such a decision. Any unit or defective part which has been replaced shall become our property.

The terms and conditions of this warranty shall be contained exclusively in this document and no other presentation of provision, either written or otherwise, regardless of the origin of the same, shall be accepted as either adding or subtracting from these terms and conditions.

By submitting your unit for repair, you are deemed to have waived any claims of compensation, monetary or otherwise, which you may be entitled to and are deemed to agree to accept any compensation whatsoever, by way of additional repair or otherwise, which in our absolute discretion we may deem fit to offer. The giving of compensation under this paragraph shall be subject to the provisions in this warranty.

In addition to the above, our service personnel reserve all rights to refuse to attend to any equipment installed in inaccessible locations or installed at places where air is exposed to chemical fumes or workman problems are found.

SAMSUNG reserves the right to charge a service fee for out of warranty repair / service of any nature and shall not be deemed liable if the conditions are not met.
